Added notes about the publication name in Flink PG CDC connector (#2038)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/flink/howto/pg-cdc-connector.rst

* ``database-name``: The name of the database where the source table resides, which is set to ``defaultdb`` in the example.
* ``decoding.plugin.name``: The decoding plugin to be used by the CDC connector, which is set to ``pgoutput`` in the example.

.. Note::

>     The PostgreSQL CDC connector will use or create a publication named ``dbz_publication`` tracking the changes of one or more tables. Therefore either the publication need to already exist in PostgreSQL or the connecting user needs to have enough privileges to create it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The PostgreSQL CDC connector will use or create a publication named ``dbz_publication`` tracking the changes of one or more tables. Therefore, the publication must already exist in PostgreSQL, or the connecting user must have enough privileges to create it.
```
